docs: add lark direct notifications (#350)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/change-database/webhook.md

</HintBlock>

#### Configure sending direct notifications to related users

> 1. Got to [https://open.feishu.cn/app](https://open.feishu.cn/app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [https://open.feishu.cn/app](https://open.feishu.cn/app).
```

1. Click **Create Custom App**, fill the form and click **Create**.
1. Click **Permisions & Scopes** on the left sidebar, find and add the following permissions:
     - `contact:user.id:readonly`
     - `im:message:send_as_bot`
1. Click **Create Version**.

> 1. Pay attention to [app scope](https://open.feishu.cn/document/home/introduction-to-scope-and-authorization/availability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure [availability](https://open.feishu.cn/document/home/introduction-to-scope-and-authorization/availability).
```
